# What Xion is
Xion is a project that I started to re-learn C++. Not only did I want to improve my skills with the language, but also to learn the new versions that had come out since I had used it for the first time. This also served as an opportunity to dig a little bit deeper into network programming, which is something I had always been interested in. Topics like _asynchronous I/O_, _multi-threading_ and _packet structure_ started to show up during the development of this project. Those are the main reasons why I got hooked up on this project and decided to give it my best shot.

# How it works  
Reading about things like http://www.kegel.com/c10k.html made me realize that handling a lot of concurrent connections is hard. Forking the process for every connection is very bad, spinning up a thread is also bad. It obviously depends on the amount of connections that our program is going to handle, but it's easy to agree with the idea that it's not scalable. This is why Nodejs can afford to be single threaded and still have very good performance. You can improve that performance by having a cluster of processes that handle connections, but that's still a one to many relationship, in the sense that one process handles many clients. 
  
Now, Xion takes the polling approach. By using ```select()``` we are able to wait on several file descriptors until one of them is ready. This is the mechanism it uses to listen to new connections. Once the new connection is accepted (which will not block since it only will trigger when the socket is ready), it will register that new connection. The ClientHandle thread is constantly running throughout the duration of the program and waits on every active connection. This enables us to spin up as many threads as we like.
